[Indistinct chatter]
Watch it for a second so you can see.
You can see the movement kind of popping up.
[Whistling]
[inaudible]
[INAUDIBLE]
[ Background noise ]
>> So now everybody's here.
[ Foreign Language ]
So what I want to show is just having the transparent, we can see the bubble, we can
see the CO2 activity.
So this is another question of how do we know our fermentation is helping?
So the first sign was the yeast in the container and then this other sign is we've got bubbles,
we have a lot of activity.
So now Charles is going to...
So now you can get close and you can hear it, you can see it.
Put your ear down.
[ Background noise ]
[ Laughter ]
[ Inaudible ]
I think I'm joking about us, because it's like in Prague, you know, all the agents come and they're like the...
Mr. Ponder.
I'm sorry.
They're like...
No, really.
That's what I'm saying.
But someone else is.
Sorry, but...
We wouldn't speak.
[BLANK_AUDIO]